Once the game is booted up you are greeted with a cutscene that is approximately 2 minutes. It is the first episode of Flake and Flak and gives brief context over the story of the game. If you click, you may skip it. 
After the intro plays, you are greeted on a menu with 3 buttons. A button that says play, one that says quit, and a cog in the lower right hand corner. A video will also be playing, the Flake and Flak intro, It's basically menu music but with visualization if you would like. Upon clicking the cog, you are put on another menu which allows you to change settings and shows the user the controls. Currently you are only able to select between two difficulties: Hardcore and Ez. Hardcore is the default difficulty, where Ez will make the game significantly easier by reducing damage taken by 50% and multiplying your damage by 1.5x. To go back to the main menu you can click the “back” button at the lower left hand side. Once back on the menu the only other buttons are play and quit, quit will close the game, and play will begin it.

Upon starting the game you spawn on the left side of the screen as flak with a health value above you. On the lower left hand side it will display how many lives you have, starting with 3 by default. Once you run out of lives you are booted back to the menu. At the top of the screen there is a score, that score will go up every bit of damage you deal to any enemy. On the first stage, there are 2 enemies. One that moves and attacks in its radius and another that shoots from a distance. Only after defeating all enemies can you move on to the next stage. To move, A will make flak go left and D will make him go right. Space bar will allow flak to jump in which he can move in mid air. To attack press the left mouse button. Flak’s attack is a speech bubble of one of his sayings, its cooldown is entirely based on when it goes off screen, use this to your advantage by spamming attacks closer to the sides, it is risky but worthwhile.

After defeating all enemies you can move on to stage 2 by approaching the right hand side of the screen. Stage 2 is very similar to stage 1, upon moving on to stage 2 there are 3 enemies. Two that move on the ground and one on top of a market which shoots where you might jump. It is a wise decision to take care of the one on top of the market first so that you are free to jump without the risk of getting shot. The other 2 enemies will be attacking on the ground, one will be similar to the ground enemy from the first stage while the other is an angry variant. He does more damage, is faster, and has more health. DO NOT get hit by him at all costs, it is better to get hit by any other attack than his. After defeating all the enemies on the second stage you can now move on to the third stage.

The third stage is unique. There is only one enemy but he is massive. If you get hit by him you will likely lose all 3 of your lives instantly. You cannot jump over him, and it is impossible to kill him as he takes 1/20th of the damage that the player deals. Even in easy mode. Rather for this stage, you must simply wait until the enemy approaches you and stay on the left hand side and survive. This stage was made to give hope to the player to defeat the opponent. Sad and dramatic music plays as you are slowly backed into a corner. Just when the enemy is about to reach you, someone appears from the right hand side. A friend? A Foe? Without hesitation he kills the enemy with ease and saves you. You are now prompted to press E to interact with him, upon interaction you were able to recruit Nork to your cause. He tells you to mount onto him by pressing X. You can move on to stage 4 without mounting him, but it would be extremely unwise to do so. Mounting Nork makes you slower and you cannot jump as high as before, but you are now able to use Norks attacks by right clicking which do double flaks damage. In addition to unlocking Norks attack, flak can still attack by left clicking and since he is on top of Nork he can hit enemies that are higher up.

The fourth stage is the final boss stage. In the background you can see flake in a cage and a king in his throne (a recliner). He is the only enemy in sight until he yells “I’M THE KING!” and minions spawn from both sides. Two Angry enemies from the right, a normal ground enemy from the right, a gun enemy from the right aswell, and two more gun enemies on the left side. Nork is able to handle and attack the ground, but flaks attacks can no longer reach. Use Norks attacks to kill any ground enemies while trying to dodge the enemies attacks and chip the kings health down with flak. You may also jump and damage the king with norks attacks. If you manage to defeat the kings minions he will spawn more! The king is ruthless! The only way to defeat him and his minions is to take him down. 
After defeating the king and any leftover minions, you can now interact with flake. Flake and flak briefly catch up and you have achieved the victory condition. Congratulations! This is a great feet.
